# StarSeeds Protocol V2

Many core contracts within the StarSeeds Protocol have been significantly improved in order to increase returns, liquidity and stability for the StarSeeds Protocols ecosystem. In addition, new contracts that enhance existing systems are being deployed.&#x20;

1. Existing Contract Upgrades: StarStations and Command Bridges are now stakeable items. Users may collect their tokens at any time rather then receiving a weekly airdrop. This increases Protocol revenues by decreasing gas fees and putting more control in the hands of our Users.
2. STARV2 Capital Enhancing SuperPool Liquidity: Previously the StarSeeds Protocols STARV1 used a STAR - MAI V2 Liquidity Pool (LP for short) hosted [Quickswap](https://quickswap.exchange/#/swap?outputCurrency=0x8440178087C4fd348D43d0205F4574e0348a06F0\&swapIndex=0\&currency0=0x17840DF7CAa07e298b16E8612157B90ED231C973). This locked up critical resources in a way that generated little value for the Protocol or our users. We are upgrading to a STARV2 Balancer SuperPool composed of numerous interest yielding assets that increase the value of STARV2 ongoingly. This increase in value of STARV2 is then multiplied by the revenue generated by staking STARV2 and StarStations.&#x20;
3. STARDollars: our Protocols's USD pegged stablecoin, previously depreciated, have been completely redesigned with major upgrades and partnership integrations that provide the highest consistent revenues of any stablecoin on the market (as far as we are aware).&#x20;
4. Revenue Multiplying Technology: STARPower Generators and STARP tokens are a new set of revenue enhancing contracts. These token generating virtual items provide a unique percentage increase that increases over time to the revenues produced by STARV2, StarStations, and StarDollars.&#x20;

Since the initial launch of Star, many DeFi Protocols have been upgraded for more efficient trading with built in LP yields and lower fees, which result in a greater return for stakers and lower costs for traders.



Significant development of custom balancer LP smart logic alongside custom StarSeed 3475 Vaults and smart wrappers are neccesary to deploy the final version of the STARV2 pool.

At the current Phase of development, we have

1. Gotten whitelisted by the balancer DAO for STARV2. You can find our token easily by typing star into the polygon balancer search engine.
2. Created and whitelisted the 80mooMvxMVLP20wUSDR balancer LP. (mooMvxMVLP is a beefy finance autocompounding version of MVLP)

Next we are releasing the first version of STARV2 LP that will be paired 40% STARV2 with 60% 80mooMvxMVLP20wUSDR. Following that we are launching proposals in the Balancer DAO to obtain a Gauge for 40V2STAR60mooMvxMvLPwUSDR pool. After which our LP will qualify for incentive rewards from Balancer.

As we work on developing the smart logic for the customer balancer Pool stack, the Starseeds DAO Portfolio of trading strategies will be enacting the above methods without using balancer LP, alongside other lucrative strategies not useable within LP.
